chore(DatePicker): form mode (#1949)
Talend/ui: packages/components/src/DateTimePickers/InputDateTimePicker/README.md

| dateFormat       | Default `YYYY-MM-DD`. A combination of `YYYY` (year), `MM` (month), `DD` (day). Other format are consider invalid. |
| useSeconds       | Display and convert the seconds |
| useUTC           | Default `false` convert the date to UTC for the output and convert the input selectedDate (UTC) to retrieve the utc values. |

> | formMode         | Display the validation button and use the component in form mode (date selection/validation). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| formMode         | Date picker is a form. Only the click on a submit button will validate the change. |
```
